README.md, before:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

No requirements.

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_azapi"></a> [azapi](#provider\_azapi) | n/a |
| <a name="provider_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#provider\_azurerm) | n/a |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_containerRegistry"></a> [containerRegistry](#module\_containerRegistry) | github.com/canada-ca-terraform-modules/terraform-azurerm-caf-container-registry.git | v1.0.1 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azapi_resource.cae-certificate](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [azurerm_container_app.apps](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/container_app) | resource |
| [azurerm_container_app_custom_domain.example](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/container_app_custom_domain) | resource |
| [azurerm_container_app_environment.env](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/container_app_environment) | resource |
| [azurerm_role_assignment.cae-certificate-reader](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) | resource |
| [azurerm_user_assigned_identity.environment](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/user_assigned_identity) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_certificate.lz-cert](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/key_vault_certificate) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_container-app"></a> [container-app](#input\_container-app) | n/a | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_container-app-environment"></a> [container-app-environment](#input\_container-app-environment) | inputs | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_env"></a> [env](#input\_env) | (Required) Env value for the name of the resource | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_group"></a> [group](#input\_group) | (Required) Group value for the name of the resource | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_keyvault_id"></a> [keyvault\_id](#input\_keyvault\_id) | The project key vault id from which certificates should be read | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location) | Azure location for the resource | `string` | `"canadacentral"` | no |
| <a name="input_project"></a> [project](#input\_project) | (Required) Project value for the name of the resource | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_groups"></a> [resource\_groups](#input\_resource\_groups) | Resouce group object containing a list of resource group in the target project | `any` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_subnets"></a> [subnets](#input\_subnets) | Subnet object containing a list of subnets in the target project | `any` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Maps of tags that will be applied to the resource | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_apps"></a> [apps](#output\_apps) | n/a |
| <a name="output_environments"></a> [environments](#output\_environments) | n/a |
| <a name="output_registries"></a> [registries](#output\_registries) | n/a |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

Feature/reference existing registry (#6)
* Add support for using an existing registry and pull UMI.

* Allow keyvault to be null if not loading certificates.

* All resource ID references for the resource group and subnet

* Add same support for resource group ids to apps.

* terraform-docs: automated action

---------

Co-authored-by: github-actions[bot] <github-actions[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

No requirements.

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_azapi"></a> [azapi](#provider\_azapi) | n/a |
| <a name="provider_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#provider\_azurerm) | n/a |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_containerRegistry"></a> [containerRegistry](#module\_containerRegistry) | github.com/canada-ca-terraform-modules/terraform-azurerm-caf-container-registry.git | v1.0.1 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azapi_resource.cae-certificate](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [azurerm_container_app.apps](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/container_app) | resource |
| [azurerm_container_app_custom_domain.example](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/container_app_custom_domain) | resource |
| [azurerm_container_app_environment.env](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/container_app_environment) | resource |
| [azurerm_role_assignment.cae-certificate-reader](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) | resource |
| [azurerm_user_assigned_identity.environment](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/user_assigned_identity) | resource |
| [azurerm_container_registry.existing](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/container_registry) | data source |
| [azurerm_key_vault_certificate.lz-cert](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/key_vault_certificate) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_container-app"></a> [container-app](#input\_container-app) | n/a | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_container-app-environment"></a> [container-app-environment](#input\_container-app-environment) | inputs | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_env"></a> [env](#input\_env) | (Required) Env value for the name of the resource | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_group"></a> [group](#input\_group) | (Required) Group value for the name of the resource | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_keyvault_id"></a> [keyvault\_id](#input\_keyvault\_id) | The project key vault id from which certificates should be read | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location) | Azure location for the resource | `string` | `"canadacentral"` | no |
| <a name="input_project"></a> [project](#input\_project) | (Required) Project value for the name of the resource | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_groups"></a> [resource\_groups](#input\_resource\_groups) | Resouce group object containing a list of resource group in the target project | `any` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_subnets"></a> [subnets](#input\_subnets) | Subnet object containing a list of subnets in the target project | `any` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Maps of tags that will be applied to the resource | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_apps"></a> [apps](#output\_apps) | n/a |
| <a name="output_environments"></a> [environments](#output\_environments) | n/a |
| <a name="output_registries"></a> [registries](#output\_registries) | n/a |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
